Hidden vs. Readonly Properties (#242)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/reference/template-functions/static-context.md

'{{repl RandomString 64 "[ab]" }}'
```

> Each time that this function is called, the behavior changes based on the [hidden](/reference/v1beta1/config/#hidden) and [readonly](/reference/v1beta1/config/#readonly) properties.

Reviewer: does hidden matter? i dont know

Author: It does not but generally it is used with `hidden`.

> - To generate `RandomString` value that is **persistent** between Config changes, use it in conjuction with `hidden` property set to `true`. The `value` is not shown in HTML, hence it cannot be modified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To generate a `RandomString` value that is **persistent** between Config changes, use it in conjunction with `hidden` property set to `true`. The `value` is not shown in HTML, hence it cannot be modified.
```

Reviewer 2: @aj-jester I noticed this was resolved but the change was not applied -- can we fix the typos here?

> - To generate `RandomString` value that is **ephemeral** between Config changes, use it in conjuction with `readonly` property set to `true`. The `value` is shown in HTML but the it cannot be modified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To generate a `RandomString` value that is **ephemeral** between Config changes, use it in conjunction with `readonly` property set to `true`. The `value` is shown in HTML but the it cannot be modified.
```
